Top back on Chrome All text examples
heading one Chrome marketing images
heading to All images,
including lifestyle marketing images
should have all text that describes the
content of the image.
Family watching football on their
television.
Graphic Double tap and product images
heading to double tap where applicable.
Product images should describe the make,
model and color.
iPhone 12 Pro Max in Pacific Blue graphic
interface icons heading to double.
When an image serves as the identifier
for the button it needs all text,
e-mail e-mail us button.
When all text would be repetitive,
the alt attribute can be empty.
E-mail us button, double tap to activate,
double tap and back to top of page.